Explanation - Uddered but not Herd (#6373)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/bronze/usaco-1083.mdx

id: usaco-1083
source: USACO Bronze 2021 January
title: Uddered but not Herd
author: Ananth Kashyap, Sofia Yang, Rameez Parwez
---

[Official Analysis (C++, Python)](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_prob1_bronze_jan21.html)

## Explanation

We know that Bessie hums the cowphabet in a fixed order. Based on
this, we iterate over consecutive pairs of letters in Farmer
John's word. If the current letter appears before or at the same
position as the next letter in the cowphabet, there is no need for

> Bessie to hum; otherwise, we increment $hum\_times$.

Reviewer: 1) before or at the same position --> just before; if you're at the same position you have the hum the whole alphabet again to get to the next heard letter
2) clarify what you mean by "there is no need for bessie to hum" --> "there is no need for bessie to finish humming the current alphabet, and start humming the alphabet again to get to the next letter"

Author: what do you mean by first point

Reviewer: See next review

id: usaco-1083
source: USACO Bronze 2021 January
title: Uddered but not Herd
author: Ananth Kashyap, Sofia Yang, Rameez Parwez
---

[Official Analysis (C++, Python)](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_prob1_bronze_jan21.html)

## Explanation

We know that Bessie hums the cowphabet in a fixed order. Based on
this, we iterate over consecutive pairs of letters in Farmer
John's word. If the current letter appears before or at the same

> position as the next letter in the cowphabet, there is no need for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
John's word. If the current letter appears before the next letter in the cowphabet, there is no need for
```
